config.md: add information on `-c` option (#352)
jesopo/bitbot: docs/help/config.md

* Move `docs/bot.conf.example` to `~/.bitbot/bot.conf` and fill in the config options you care about. Ones blank or removed will disable relevant functionality.
* Run `./bitbotd -a` to add a server.

> * Run `./bitbotd` to start the bot or './bitbotd -c /path/to/bot.conf' for non-standard config location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run `./bitbotd` to start the bot or `./bitbotd -c /path/to/bot.conf` for non-standard config location (outside of `~/.bitbot`).
```
